#COUNTRY LEADERS
recruit_character = SOV_lev_kamenev
recruit_character = SOV_troika

set_country_flag = sov_army_decisions_open
#country_event = { id = soviet_rework_troika.001 days = 5 }
#country_event = { id = Soviet.14 days = 5 }
#country_event = { id = Soviet.15 days = 10 }
#country_event = { id = Soviet.16 days = 15 }
#country_event = { id = Soviet.17 days = 20 }
#country_event = { id = Soviet.18 days = 25 }     

#POLITICAL ADVISORS
recruit_character = SOV_iosif_stalin
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_kalinin
recruit_character = SOV_nikita_khrushchyov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_voznesensky
recruit_character = SOV_lazar_kaganovich
recruit_character = SOV_genrikh_yagoda
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_yezhov
recruit_character = SOV_lavrenty_beriya
recruit_character = SOV_vsevolod_merkulov
recruit_character = SOV_vyacheslav_molotov
recruit_character = SOV_maksim_litvinov

recruit_character = SOV_lev_trotsky
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_smirnov
recruit_character = SOV_ivar_smilga
recruit_character = SOV_karl_radek
recruit_character = SOV_yevgeny_preobrazhensky
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_shlyapnikov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_bukharin
recruit_character = SOV_aleksey_rykov
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_tomsky
recruit_character = SOV_grigory_sokolnikov
recruit_character = SOV_grigory_zinovyev
recruit_character = SOV_martemyan_ryutin
recruit_character = SOV_patriarch_sergy
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_rodzayevsky

recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_vasilevsky
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_golovanov
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_gorbatov
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_novikov
recruit_character = SOV_aleksandr_yegorov
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_grechko
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_vlasov
recruit_character = SOV_andrey_yeryomenko
recruit_character = SOV_arseny_golovko
recruit_character = SOV_boris_shaposhnikov
recruit_character = SOV_dmitry_lelyushenko
recruit_character = SOV_filipp_golikov
recruit_character = SOV_filipp_oktyabrsky

recruit_character = SOV_georgy_zakharov
recruit_character = SOV_georgy_zhukov
recruit_character = SOV_gordey_levchenko
recruit_character = SOV_grigory_kulik
recruit_character = SOV_issa_pliyev
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_chernyakhovsky
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_fedyuninsky
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_konev
recruit_character = SOV_ivan_yumashev
recruit_character = SOV_kirill_meretskov
recruit_character = SOV_kirill_moskalenko
recruit_character = SOV_kliment_voroshilov
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_rokossovsky
recruit_character = SOV_konstantin_vershinin
recruit_character = SOV_kuzma_galitsky
recruit_character = SOV_leonid_govorov
recruit_character = SOV_maksim_purkayev
recruit_character = SOV_markian_popov
recruit_character = SOV_maks_reyter
recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_frinovsky
recruit_character = SOV_iona_yakir

recruit_character = SOV_mikhail_tukhachevsky
recruit_character = SOV_nikandr_chibisov

recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_berzarin
recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_vatutin

recruit_character = SOV_nikolay_kuznetsov

recruit_character = SOV_pavel_rychagov
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_zhigarev
recruit_character = SOV_pyotr_smirnov
recruit_character = SOV_rodion_malinovsky
recruit_character = SOV_semyon_budyonny
recruit_character = SOV_semyon_timoshenko
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_khudyakov
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_rudenko
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_gorshkov
recruit_character = SOV_stepan_krasovsky
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_blyukher
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_chuykov
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_kuznetsov
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_kasatonov
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_tributs

recruit_character = SOV_yakov_cherevichenko
recruit_character = SOV_yakov_smushkevich

recruit_character = SOV_vitaly_primakov
#Not available at game start
recruit_character = SOV_vasily_korzh
recruit_character = SOV_sidor_kovpak
recruit_character = SOV_lev_dovator
recruit_character = SOV_pavel_rybalko

recruit_character = SOV_igor_kurchatov
recruit_character = SOV_abram_ioffe
recruit_character = SOV_sergey_korolyov
recruit_character = SOV_boris_stechkin
recruit_character = SOV_arkady_nazarov
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_kotelnikov

recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_milyutin
recruit_character = SOV_sergo_ordzhonikidze
recruit_character = SOV_georgy_malenkov
recruit_character = SOV_nikolai_krylenko
recruit_character = SOV_vladimir_antonov_ovseenko
recruit_character = SOV_georgy_pyatakov
recruit_character = SOV_lev_sosnovsky
recruit_character = SOV_alexandra_kollontai
recruit_character = SOV_alexander_shliapnikov
recruit_character = SOV_dmitri_shostakovich
recruit_character = SOV_leonid_kurchevsky

recruit_character = SOV_Supreme_Soviet_of_Russia
####
#### VANILLA ####
####

capital = 219

starting_train_buffer = 3.0
set_oob = "SOV_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "SOV_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "SOV_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "SOV_1936_air_bba"
		set_technology = {
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			aa_lmg = 1
			aa_cannon_1 = 1
			early_bombs = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			engines_2 = 1
			iw_medium_airframe = 1
			iw_large_airframe = 1
			basic_small_airframe = 1
			basic_medium_airframe = 1
			aircraft_construction = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "SOV_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			fighter1 = 1
			early_bomber = 1
			strategic_bomber1 = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
		}
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.3
# Starting tech
set_technology = { #WARNING: Do not just remove techs from here -> It can impact a lot of stuff. Before removing, double check that content does not count on these techs being researched
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1

	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
		engine_tech_2 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	set_technology = {
		armored_car1 = 1
	}
}

set_country_flag = SOV_TEST_REMOVE_VANILLA_ADVISORS_flag

add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
	home_of_revolution
	SOV_idea_sluggish_industrialization
	SOV_precarious_country_high
	low_economic_mobilisation
	SOV_dysfunctional_bureaucracy_base
	SOV_support_for_New_Economic_Policy
	SOV_vladimir_milyutin
}

set_convoys = 50

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1933.7.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 8
	fascism = 2
	communism = 85
	neutrality = 5
}

create_faction = Comintern
add_to_faction = SOV
add_to_faction = MON
add_to_faction = TAN

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = TAN
		autonomous_state = autonomy_puppet
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = MON
		autonomous_state = autonomy_satellite
	}
	else = {
		puppet = TAN
		puppet = MON
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Alexander Radó"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_alexander_rado
		traits = { operative_natural_orator }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { SOV HUN }
	}

	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Kim Philby"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_kim_philby
		traits = { operative_double_agent operative_infiltrator }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { SOV ENG }
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Richard Sorge"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_richard_sorge
		traits = { operative_well_groomed }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { SOV GER }
	}
}


### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "I-15" #
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_4x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "I-16" #
		type = small_plane_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		icon = "GFX_SOV_fighter1_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "DB-3" #
		type = medium_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = bomb_locks
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_2x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret
		}
		icon = "GFX_SOV_early_bomber_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "TB-3" #
		type = large_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = large_bomb_bay
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = empty
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_4x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret_2x
		}
		icon = "GFX_SOV_transport_plane_equipment_1_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "ANT-40" #
		type = medium_plane_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = medium_bomb_bay
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = bomb_locks
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_2x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret_2x
		}
		icon = "GFX_SOV_tactical_bomber1_medium"
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "T-27"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_fixed_superstructure_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 1
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
		icon = "GFX_gwtank_medium"
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "T-26TU mod. 1933"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon_2
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "GFX_SOV_basic_light_tank_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "BT-5"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1
		parent_version = 1
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon_2
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 8
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
		icon = "GFX_SOV_improved_light_tank_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "BT-7"
		type = light_tank_chassis_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon_2
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 10
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "GFX_SOV_improved_light_tank_medium"
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "T-28"
		type = medium_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_close_support_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_medium_three_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
			special_type_slot_2 = secondary_turret_hmg
			special_type_slot_3 = secondary_turret_hmg
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 3
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 10
		}
		icon = "GFX_SOV_basic_heavy_tank_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "T-35"
		type = heavy_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_close_support_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_medium_three_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
			special_type_slot_2 = secondary_turret_hmg
			special_type_slot_3 = secondary_turret_hmg
			special_type_slot_4 = secondary_turret_small_cannon
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 3
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 10
		}
		icon = "GFX_SOV_basic_heavy_tank_medium"
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	### Ship Variants ###
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series I Debakrist"
		type = submarine_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			sub_engine_upgrade = 1
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series IX Srednyaya"
		type = submarine_2
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			sub_engine_upgrade = 1
			sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
			sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leningrad & Minsk Class"
		type = destroyer_1
		upgrades = {
			ship_torpedo_upgrade = 3
			destroyer_engine_upgrade = 3
			ship_ASW_upgrade = 3
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 3
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	# Submarines #
	create_equipment_variant = {			
		name = "AG Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_SHCHUKA
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series I Debakrist"			# represents Debakrist, B class, L-55 sub
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_SHCHUKA
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series II Leninets"				# represents Leninets series II, XI
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = SOV_SS_LENINETS
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_sub
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series V Shchuka"				# represents Shchuka series III, V, V-bis, V-bis-2
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_SHCHUKA
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series IX Srednyaya"				# 'Stalinets', series IX, IX-bis, IX-bis-2 and P-class
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = SOV_SS_STALINETS
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Series X Shchuka"				
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = SOV_SS_SHCHUKA
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	# Destroyers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Orfey Class"						# represents Yakov Sverdlov, Frunze, and Orfey classes
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Fidonisi Class"						# represents Fidonisi and Izyaslav classes
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leningrad & Minsk Class"				
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = SOV_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bug Class"					# minelayer
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = SOV_MINELAYERS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = empty
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
	}
	# Light Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Komintern Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_MINELAYERS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Chervona Ukraina Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = SOV_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Marti Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1				# minelayer
		name_group = SOV_MINELAYERS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
	}
	# Heavy Cruisers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Kirov Class"
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
			name_group = SOV_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_1
			}
		}
	# Battleships #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Marat Class"					
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = SOV_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
}

#Money For Comintern
set_variable = { SOV_money_for_comintern = 800 }

#UI Elements
set_variable = { SOV_political_purge_main_meter = 1 }
set_variable = { SOV_political_purging_progress = 0 }
set_variable = { SOV_bukharin_prepare_coup_main_bar = 1 }
set_variable = { SOV_bukharin_coup_preparation_progress = 0 }

#POLITICAL
set_variable = { var = SOV_stalins_influence value = 0.48 }
set_variable = { var = SOV_zinoviev_influence value = 0.45 }
set_variable = { var = SOV_trotskys_influence value = 0.37 }

#THE RED ARMY NATIONAL SPIRIT VARS
set_variable = { SOV_the_red_army_experience_gain_army_factor = -0.04 }
set_variable = { SOV_the_red_army_land_doctrine_cost_factor = 0.08 }
set_variable = { SOV_the_red_army_experience_loss_factor = 0.08 }
set_variable = { SOV_the_red_army_dig_in_speed_factor = -0.04 }

set_variable = { SOV_the_red_army_conscription_factor = -0.05 }
set_variable = { SOV_the_red_army_training_time_factor = 0.05 }

set_variable = { SOV_the_red_army_army_org_factor = -0.06 }
set_variable = { SOV_the_red_army_mobilization_laws_cost_factor = 0.06 }
set_variable = { SOV_the_red_army_max_dig_in_factor = -0.03 }

set_variable = { SOV_the_red_army_modifier_army_sub_unit_cavalry_speed_factor = 0 } #-> Restore Cossack Units
set_variable = { SOV_the_red_army_cavalry_attack_factor = 0 } #-> Restore Cossack Units
set_variable = { SOV_the_red_army_terrain_penalty_reduction = 0 } # -> An Adaptable Army
set_variable = { SOV_the_red_army_army_org_regain = 0 } # -> Barrier Troops
set_variable = { SOV_the_red_army_cas_damage_reduction = 0 } # -> Experts in Camouflage
set_variable = { SOV_the_red_army_operative_slot  = 0 } # -> Organization of the Partisans
set_variable = { SOV_the_red_army_max_command_power_mult = 0 } # -> Depoliticize the Military
set_variable = { SOV_the_red_army_mobilization_speed = -0.1 } #-> Strengthen the Mobilization Plan
set_variable = { SOV_the_red_army_political_power_factor = 0 }

add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = SOV_the_red_army_dynamic_modifier }

#THE RED FLEET NATIONAL SPIRIT VARS
set_variable = { SOV_red_fleet_navy_visibility = 0.02 }
set_variable = { SOV_red_fleet_screening_efficiency = -0.02 }
set_variable = { SOV_red_fleet_positioning = -0.01 }

set_variable = { SOV_red_fleet_navy_refit_ic_cost = 0.025 }
set_variable = { SOV_red_fleet_repair_speed_factor = -0.05 }

set_variable = { SOV_red_fleet_naval_coordination = 0.08 } #-> Advanced Maneuvers

set_variable = { SOV_red_fleet_naval_invasion_capacity = 0 } #-> Marines
set_variable = { SOV_red_fleet_invasion_preparation = 0 } #-> Marines
set_variable = { SOV_red_fleet_special_forces_cap = 0 } #-> Marines
set_variable = { SOV_the_red_fleet_political_power_factor = 0 }

add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = SOV_the_red_fleet_dynamic_modifier }

#SOVIET AIRFORCE NATIONAL SPIRIT VARS
set_variable = { SOV_soviet_airforce_air_wing_xp_loss_when_killed_factor = 0.32 }
set_variable = { SOV_soviet_airforce_air_ace_generation_chance_factor = -0.32 }

set_variable = { SOV_soviet_airforce_air_accidents_factor = 0.22 }
set_variable = { SOV_soviet_airforce_air_night_penalty = 0.11 }
set_variable = { SOV_soviet_airforce_air_weather_penalty = 0.11 }

set_variable = { SOV_soviet_airforce_air_mission_xp_gain_factor = -0.05 }
set_variable = { SOV_soviet_airforce_air_training_xp_gain_factor = -0.1 }

set_variable = { SOV_soviet_airforce_air_fuel_consumption_factor = 0 } #-> Modernize Aircraft Factories / Intensify Pilot Training Program
set_variable = { SOV_soviet_airforce_air_range_factor = 0 } #-> Modernize Aircraft Factories
set_variable = { SOV_soviet_airforce_air_agility_factor = 0 } #-> Modernize Aircraft Factories
set_variable = { SOV_soviet_airforce_air_strategic_bomber_night_penalty = 0 } #-> Raskova's Aviation Group
set_variable = { SOV_soviet_airforce_air_cas_present_factor = 0 } #-> Ground Support
set_variable = { SOV_soviet_airforce_strategic_bomb_visibility = 0 } #-> Long Range Aircraft
set_variable = { SOV_soviet_airforce_air_mission_efficiency = 0 } #-> The Modern War in the Skies
set_variable = { SOV_soviet_airforce_air_nav_efficiency = 0 } #-> Expand the Morskaya Aviatsiya
set_variable = { SOV_the_red_airforce_political_power_factor = 0 }

add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = SOV_soviet_airforce_dynamic_modifier }

set_variable = {
	var = SOV_army_professionalism_var
	value = 30
}
set_variable = {
	var = SOV_army_influence_var
	value = 25
}
set_variable = {
	var = SOV_army_factionalism_var
	value = 65
}
			
set_variable = {
	var = SOV_navy_professionalism_var
	value = 45
}
set_variable = {
	var = SOV_navy_technological_innovation_var
	value = 37.5
}
set_variable = {
	var = SOV_navy_factionalism_var
	value = 30
}
			
set_variable = {
	var = SOV_airforce_pilot_training_var
	value = 10
}
set_variable = {
	var = SOV_airforce_technological_innovation_var
	value = 22.5
}
set_variable = {
	var = SOV_airforce_factionalism_var
	value = 62.5
}